docs/source/index.rst, before:

.. Wave documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Tue Oct 07 11:34:01 2014.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Welcome to Wave!
================================
Wave is a C# library that extends the ESRI ArcObjects and Schneider Electric ArcFM 
APIs that are used for developing extensions to the ArcMap and ArcFM platforms. The library has been developed using extension methods to extend the functionality of existing objects and provides workable wrappers around commonly used COM objects.

The concept is to eliminate the need for the developer to learn new namespaces and api, but allow them to take advantage of the Visual Studio IDE to identify the new methods for objects. That being said, it's always best to consult the :doc:`api` documentation to understand the purpose of the methods and classes.

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 1

    getting_started
    features
    faq
    examples
    contribute
    api

Commit message:

Added warning for incomplete documentation

docs/source/index.rst, after:

.. Wave documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Tue Oct 07 11:34:01 2014.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Welcome to Wave!
================================
Wave is a C# library that extends the ESRI ArcObjects and Schneider Electric ArcFM 
APIs that are used for developing extensions to the ArcMap and ArcFM platforms. The library has been developed using extension methods to extend the functionality of existing objects and provides workable wrappers around commonly used COM objects.

The concept is to eliminate the need for the developer to learn new namespaces and api, but allow them to take advantage of the Visual Studio IDE to identify the new methods for objects. That being said, it's always best to consult the :doc:`api` documentation to understand the purpose of the methods and classes.

.. Warning::

    The documentation for Wave is a work in progress.  Please check back frequently for the latest updates.

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 1

    getting_started
    features
    faq
    examples
    contribute
    api
